Update app-templates.md (#2535)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/samples/app-templates.md

![Sample view of responses](../assets/images/quick-responses.png)

## Rapid Assist &#9734;

> Rapid Assist is a Microsoft [Power Platform](https://powerapps.microsoft.com/blog/now-in-preview-customize-teams-with-built-in-power-platform-capabilities/)-based app that allows customer facing associates to rapidly connect with the experts to get quick answers, search for information, follow up open requests and allows experts to receive notifications to quickly get on a call to help answer questions. The app, built using Microsoft [Power Apps](/powerapps/powerapps-overview), and [Power Automate](/power-automate/getting-started), deeply integrates with Microsoft Teams to enable organizations to easily connect frontline workers with corporate liasions to resolve customer queries and deliver a great customer experience.  

Reviewer: Suggest rephrasing to:

```suggestion
Rapid Assist is a Microsoft [Power Platform](https://powerapps.microsoft.com/blog/now-in-preview-customize-teams-with-built-in-power-platform-capabilities/) based app that allows customer facing associates to rapidly connect with the experts to get quick answers, search for information, follow up open requests, and allow experts to receive notifications to quickly get on a call to help answer questions. The app built using Microsoft [Power Apps](/powerapps/powerapps-overview) and [Power Automate](/power-automate/getting-started), deeply integrates with Microsoft Teams to enable organizations to easily connect frontline workers with corporate liaisons to resolve customer queries and deliver a great customer experience. 
```

Please verify
